# Reflection on Intersectionality Revisited

I first came across the term “intersectionality” in the famous Ted talk by Kimberle Crenshaw. Before listening to that talk, I had never thought about how inequality compounds for those at the intersection of multiple identities, such as gender, sexuality, age, class, race, and ability status. It made me wonder if the idea of “intersectionality” is reflected in the government policies in Korea. I had often heard about the policies aiming to alleviate struggles of low-income families, single-parent families, and multicultural families, but I wondered if the government acknowledged the compounded difficulty experienced by families who are both low-income and have non-traditional family structure. I felt that they were rarely acknowledged. 

From reading “Intersectionality Revisited” by Patricia Hill Collins and Sirma Bilge, I was able to learn more about intersectionality. I learned that at its root, intersectionality is a tool for activism. It unites people with a collective identity, fostering solidarity and amplifying their voice. The authors noted that in some instances, however, intersectionality is reduced to describe identity categories and diverts attention away from understanding the system of power and oppression. As discussed in “The Cycle of Socialization,” behind the set of identities that people are born into is the complicated interplay between history, social organization, global world order, capitalism, and more .Intersectionality reveals the systemic reasons why certain identities intersect with others, often predisposing people to unequal social roles. For those who have been historically discriminated against in the workforce, they are more likely to identify as low-income. People hold many identities and hence are often situated at the intersection of different perspectives and experiences. However, their challenges may not necessarily compound and may rather be alleviated to some degree because of their different identities. Intersectionality brings an intricate framework for understanding power dynamics that exist at local, national, and global level. It validates the struggles experienced by people at intersections of identities, highlighting their experiences as manifestation of complicated social order and power dynamics that can often be overlooked due to its intangibleness. 
